---
title: Icripto POS Privacy Policy
---

# Icripto POS Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We do not use nor collect your Personal Data. 

<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>

<h3>Interpretation</h3>
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

<h3>Definitions</h3>

<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Account</strong> means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Affiliate</strong> means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where &quot;control&quot; means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Application</strong> refers to Icripto POS, the software program provided by the Company.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to Icripto POS.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Country</strong> refers to: Chile</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Application.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>
<h3>Our App does not collect nor use any personal data</h3>
<h3>Personal Data</h3>
<p>Our app does not collect nor use any personal data</p>


<h2>Children's Privacy</h2>
<p>Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.</p>
<p>If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.</p>
<h2>Links to Other Websites</h2>
<p>Our App contains one link to the Github repository of the project.
<p>We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.</p>
<h2>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the &quot;Last updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>
<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
<li>By email: <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection" class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="650c06170c15110a060d0c0900250208040c094b060a08">icriptochile@gmail.com</a></li>
</ul>

<div class="footer">
<div class="container">
<p>Generated using <a href="https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/" target="_blank">Free Privacy Policy Generator</a></p>
</div>
</div>